# HackMCST-Sequence-Analysis-Experiment
Within our program we conducted an experiment analyzing the relationship between the increments of multiple series. The series we analyzed were the Fibonacci sequence, the sequence of squares, and the triangular sequence. The Fibonacci sequence is a sequence that starts at base cases 0 and 1 and follows the recursive pattern a_n=a_(n-1)+a_(n-2), creating a sequence important to structures within nature. The squares sequence follows the formula 〖a_n〗^2, and is found commonly in engineering structures and interesting binary and tree sequences in mathematics and contributes to some fractals. The triangular sequence is found by using equilateral triangles and adding rows of incremental size to the bottom of the triangle, which maintains an equilateral form. This sequence was introduced and perfected by Gauss and was used to sum incremental numbers throughout history. The purpose of our project was to use the Java Virtual Machine to quickly list the first n numbers of each sequence, and then divide through each combination to determine if there were any patterns within the ratios of each sequence as each sequence iterates. Our results were mixed. We found an inconclusive relationship between the Fibonacci and the square and the Fibonacci and the triangular sequence, because the ratios seemed to increment to an infinite number. However, we found the ratio of squares to triangular seemed to approach a value of 2. Not only did we create a bot that effortlessly outputs the first n numbers of each sequence up to 235, we also deduced that the ratio of square sequence to triangular sequence approaches 2. 
